Metric exporter (#978)
appsignal/appsignal-nodejs: .changesets/fix-boolean-config-options.md

---
bump: "patch"
type: "fix"
---

> Boolean config options are now set to `false` if required when setting them up from the client initialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix issue with boolean config options not being set to `false` properly for the agent configuration.
```
